# System Prompt

You are an expert analyst specialised in conversation transcripts.

# User Prompt

Your task is to:

1. Read the conversation context below.
2. Read the conversation transcript segment below. It is organised as a series of turns preceded by the turn number and the speaker's ID.
2. Write a summary of the turn marked by → using only information explicitly stated or directly implied by the marked turn.
- Write a one-sentence summary of the marked turn.
- Refer to the speaker as "the speaker".
- Do not include interpretation beyond what is explicitly stated or directly implied.
- Write in English.
- Do not acknowledge this prompt. Respond straightaway.

## Conversation context

- Year: 2014
- Number of speakers: 2
- Speaker IDs: S0255 S0315
- Location: Beauty treatment room
- Relationships: Friends, wider family circle
- Topics: Menopause, Reflexology, Chakra, family, family relationships, health, pregnancy, medical problems, hysterectomy, skiing, palliative care/bereavement, herbal remedy, witches, operations, family relationships, relaxation techniques, diets/food, alcohol/drinking, spirit/afterlife, hypermobility, microwave endometrial ablation, Reiki
- Activity: chatting with beautician who is a casual friend whilst having reflexology
- Conversation type: Discussing, explaining, advising, requesting, making arrangements

## Conversation transcript segment

442 S0255 no it's erm it's a doctor prescribed one

443 S0315 oh okay

444 S0255 erm I ca I keep going to sa I know it's not Diclofen it begins with a D

445 S0315 yeah

446 S0255 it's diclochloride something or other cos one

447 S0315 that stops the spasms does it?

448 S0255 no it erm it's bloating it just rel

449 S0315 oh okay

450 S0255 er what I actually went to the doctor for in the first place about a year ago was my my stomach was just getting bigger and bigger and m

451 S0315 yeah

→ 452 S0255 to literally er I mean er I know it's a little bit hit but it was like almost solsolid coming out and I went to the doctor after so many months and sort of said er s and she went oh yeah so they started doing loads of tests to see what they thought it was and this is when it turned out it was the fibroids but that wasn't what was doing the stomach erm swelling she sai and she thought it was just IBS and it may well've been just with the stress

453 S0315 mm hm mm hm

454 S0255 erm so she gave me some of these tablet's which I take before food

455 S0315 yeah

456 S0255 but not every day I just tend to you know take an odd one or two a day and it seems and if that's when I stopped taking them a few weeks ago my stomach started to get really extended again

457 S0315 did it?

458 S0255 yeah so I thought well I'll keep taking them again

459 S0315 yeah

460 S0255 and I'm just hoping that it's probably just the stress with

461 S0315 yeah
