# System Prompt

You are an expert analyst specialised in conversation transcripts.

# User Prompt

Your task is to:

1. Read the conversation context below.
2. Read the conversation transcript segment below. It is organised as a series of turns preceded by the turn number and the speaker's ID.
2. Write a summary of the turn marked by → using only information explicitly stated or directly implied by the marked turn.
- Write a one-sentence summary of the marked turn.
- Refer to the speaker as "the speaker".
- Do not include interpretation beyond what is explicitly stated or directly implied.
- Write in English.
- Do not acknowledge this prompt. Respond straightaway.

## Conversation context

- Year: 2015
- Number of speakers: 2
- Speaker IDs: S0439 S0441
- Location: Home- Kitchen
- Relationships: Close family, partners, very close friends
- Topics: Food, weekend, work, English counties and places, Halloween parties, future 5-year plans.
- Activity: Catch-up with housemate
- Conversation type: discussing, explaining, inquiring, complaining, advising, announcing, anecdote telling, making arrangements, telling jokes

## Conversation transcript segment

1679 S0439 there's no one advertising for January but I it'll be easy to find somewhere I'm not worried about finding somewhere

1680 S0441 loads of stuff

1681 S0439 yeah there's like so many up

1682 S0441 that's good

1683 S0439 SpareRoom had loads of options and I'm really looking for somewhere really cheap

1684 S0441 yeah uhu

1685 S0439 and it's I only need it for six months so it's not the end of the world and stuff so

1686 S0441 you definitely going to Australia?

1687 S0439 yeah I think so

1688 S0441 afterwards

→ 1689 S0439 I think either for three months and then go to university in September or erm go to Oz for a year and then come back and go to university dad dad said to go for the year and then come back and go to university and a part of me wants to do that and then a part of me also thinks I probably should go straight to university but then I don't think I'll ever have the opportunity to go have a break again so but it depends on what I can afford so cos I'm pretty skint

1690 S0441 yeah

1691 S0439 I think by M like next June I'll have about eight thousand in savings so which isn't bad but it's not really enough to do for university and go travelling so

1692 S0441 but it's not though

1693 S0439 no but I can work in Oz that's not a problem like I've spoken to somebody who works at and they're like we can get you some casual work and stuff but it's still

1694 S0441 oh cool

1695 S0439 debatable but I want to go I think it'd just be it's the time to go

1696 S0441 plus you've got the yeah

1697 S0439 and I like I don't have any commitments here I don't have a boyfriend I don't need to buy a house I well my car runs out not that that would be a big commitment but you know? so it's probably time to go time to give it a go

1698 S0441 you'll find the sea and go
