# System Prompt

You are an expert analyst specialised in conversation transcripts.

# User Prompt

Your task is to:

1. Read the conversation context below.
2. Read the conversation transcript segment below. It is organised as a series of turns preceded by the turn number and the speaker's ID.
2. Write a summary of the turn marked by → using only information explicitly stated or directly implied by the marked turn.
- Write a one-sentence summary of the marked turn.
- Refer to the speaker as "the speaker".
- Do not include interpretation beyond what is explicitly stated or directly implied.
- Write in English.
- Do not acknowledge this prompt. Respond straightaway.

## Conversation context

- Year: 2015
- Number of speakers: 4
- Speaker IDs: S0456 S0457 S0458 S0459
- Location: ANON’s House, Liverpool L8.
- Relationships: Aquaintences
- Topics: housing, work, family, neighbourhood, the house, Harry Potter, ISIS, health,
- Activity: Talking about the neighbourhood, books & family.
- Conversation type: Discussing, explaining, inquiring, complaining, anecdote telling

## Conversation transcript segment

498 S0457 unusual isn't it?

499 S0458 yeah

500 S0457 mm well they're lovely

501 S0458 mm

502 S0456 yeah Yemen is a dangerous place

503 S0457 mm

504 S0456 violent

505 S0457 is it?

506 S0458 everywhere is though

507 S0456 well not not quite as much as there

→ 508 S0457 did you hear what happened to us the other Friday well a couple of weeks ago wasn't it now? must have been we were coming back from 's mums and we were in a taxi all the eight and we pulled up outside here and there was two Somalian guys walking up and one came over to the taxi so the taxi man put the window down a little bit we were just sort of like by the end of our car and the next minute he said he was going to rob the taxi erm and the taxi man said yeah whatever I've got customers in the back mate do you mind?

509 S0456 

510 S0457 and then he was going on about flying the Somalian flag you will know about it and so the taxi men was saying well yeah whatever that that he'd break his jaw and all that and the next minute he run round and he tried to get in the driver's side and he was going on about the London bombing

511 S0456 does he know the taxi driver?

512 S0457 no I was going drive on drive on so we drove down the street and he drove back up street and he turned round and the taxi man said oh go on now love just go in and shut the door well that's an unusual thing to happen here isn't it?

513 S0456 it is yeah

514 S0457 you wouldn't expect them I mean I've always felt safe and secure

515 S0456 oh yeah

516 S0457 and it was just like something what you'd hear in London or you know somewhere crazy isn't it?

517 S0456 yeah
