# System Prompt

You are an expert analyst specialised in conversation transcripts.

# User Prompt

Your task is to:

1. Read the conversation context below.
2. Read the conversation transcript segment below. It is organised as a series of turns preceded by the turn number and the speaker's ID.
2. Write a summary of the turn marked by → using only information explicitly stated or directly implied by the marked turn.
- Write a one-sentence summary of the marked turn.
- Refer to the speaker as "the speaker".
- Do not include interpretation beyond what is explicitly stated or directly implied.
- Write in English.
- Do not acknowledge this prompt. Respond straightaway.

## Conversation context

- Year: 2016
- Number of speakers: 7
- Speaker IDs: S0543 S0561 S0564 S0565 S0566 S0639 S0640
- Location: In ANON and ANON’s home.
- Relationships: Close family, partners, very close friends
- Topics: Money/finance/investment, housing, marriage, money managing and advice, jobs, banking/credit cards, insurance, life/death and funerals, games and gaming/general terminology related to game.
- Activity: Family talking about money saving/investments/management and general life advice, and playing games.
- Conversation type: Discussing, inquiring, advising, anecdote telling, telling jokes,

## Conversation transcript segment

457 S0543 yeah? do you want a drink?

458 S0566 I'll have a tea or a coffee whichever's going a cup of a specific

459 S0564 you can have a drink drink if you want I mean

460 S0639 I'm driving

461 S0543 this one

462 S0564 oh of course you are yeah

463 S0639 thank you darling

464 S0566 well this evening and tomorrow

465 S0640 thank you

466 S0639 

→ 467 S0561 erm no so said oh I can get you a much better pension a superann I've already I've already moved across it's gonna be way way better and he sort of went through it with us and at the time it seemed like so he transferred what I'd paid into my superann across to them which went into one pot and then I started paying into another pot and then quite soon we realised that unless we were activity managing this it was gonna fall behind superann and so we thought oh this we're just we are not clever enough we are not gonna be able to do it so we tried moving it back to superann and they wouldn't accept it back so I've got two frozen little pots one of which is going to pay me twelve pounds a year and one

468 S0566 oh

469 S0561 at the moment is just gonna pay me about a hundred and twenty pounds a year

470 S0564 a year?

471 S0566 now what you don't blow it all

472 S0561 year a year so twelve pounds a year is not even a Chinese a year is it?

473 S0566 

474 S0561 erm and then so then I was like starting superann back from scratch

475 S0566 erm tea or coffee whatever's going

476 S0565 which would you prefer?
