# System Prompt

You are an expert analyst specialised in conversation transcripts.

# User Prompt

Your task is to:

1. Read the conversation context below.
2. Read the conversation transcript segment below. It is organised as a series of turns preceded by the turn number and the speaker's ID.
2. Write a summary of the turn marked by → using only information explicitly stated or directly implied by the marked turn.
- Write a one-sentence summary of the marked turn.
- Refer to the speaker as "the speaker".
- Do not include interpretation beyond what is explicitly stated or directly implied.
- Write in English.
- Do not acknowledge this prompt. Respond straightaway.

## Conversation context

- Year: 2014
- Number of speakers: 2
- Speaker IDs: S0262 S0302
- Location: In a fish and chip shop in Cambridge city centre.
- Relationships: Friends, wider family circle
- Topics: learning to row, kayaking experiences, buying suitable clothing for wet weather, telling the story about meeting up with a family member for the first time; talking about the death of a family member; and news about an illness in the family.
- Activity: Two friends having a meal together talking about learning new skill and family history.
- Conversation type: Discussing, explaining, inquiring, complaining, anecdote telling

## Conversation transcript segment

955 S0262 and she welled up

956 S0302 was it that short?

957 S0262 she welled up

958 S0302 yeah

959 S0262 and almost I was like oh this is interesting for somebody who doesn't know someone maybe she was just on my behalf

960 S0302 no no no no if it's your half-sister if I suddenly discovered I had a half-sister I would be instantly kind of

961 S0262 yeah

962 S0302 connected

963 S0262 connected to the whole thing but then later after about

964 S0302 oh so your

→ 965 S0262 an hour and a half of chatting she said to me oh you know she said just to let you know I didn't mean to be erm like this on the on the phone with you when I asked you about something or other and I really didn't know what she was talking about so I just was and then she said and that's the reason why you know I asked you about your mother I'm sorry I didn't mean to be nosy about the cancer that she had and I said and she said because has pancreatic cancer

966 S0302 mm is that what your mum died of? oh

967 S0262 and they've known since August

968 S0302 oh

969 S0262 and he's going to start the chemo

970 S0302 oh

971 S0262 but it's already spread

972 S0302 oh

973 S0262 like it did with my mum so this is the reason why

974 S0302 oh dear
