# System Prompt

You are an expert analyst specialised in conversation transcripts.

# User Prompt

Your task is to:

1. Read the conversation context below.
2. Read the conversation transcript segment below. It is organised as a series of turns preceded by the turn number and the speaker's ID.
2. Write a summary of the turn marked by → using only information explicitly stated or directly implied by the marked turn.
- Write a one-sentence summary of the marked turn.
- Refer to the speaker as "the speaker".
- Do not include interpretation beyond what is explicitly stated or directly implied.
- Write in English.
- Do not acknowledge this prompt. Respond straightaway.

## Conversation context

- Year: 2014
- Number of speakers: 2
- Speaker IDs: S0262 S0302
- Location: In a fish and chip shop in Cambridge city centre.
- Relationships: Friends, wider family circle
- Topics: learning to row, kayaking experiences, buying suitable clothing for wet weather, telling the story about meeting up with a family member for the first time; talking about the death of a family member; and news about an illness in the family.
- Activity: Two friends having a meal together talking about learning new skill and family history.
- Conversation type: Discussing, explaining, inquiring, complaining, anecdote telling

## Conversation transcript segment

871 S0262 yeah cool

872 S0302 well that's amazing

873 S0262 it is amazing and I'll tell you the last thing that's even I mean you know I

874 S0302 are you gonna keep in contact with her?

875 S0262 oh yes

876 S0302 oh yeah

877 S0262 we're gonna do it again she's gonna show me how

878 S0302 oh that's nice

879 S0262 to erm get started but I tell you there was a bit about my own family as in erm my mother's my grandmother's side of the family

880 S0302 yeah

→ 881 S0262 cos I've got loads of black and white photographs of them and I'm a little bit mesmerised by my grandmother's father because he was a really dashing chap and he had all sorts of adventures around the world and he was the captain of a ship an engineering captain on a big cruise liner and he did lots of things during the first worl all of these things fascinate me you go boats always fascinate me through my mother and my grandmother cos they were great cruisers they travelled the world on cruises so it's all in the blood on that side and erm so you know I'll go back and see her before Christmas for sure

882 S0302 where does she live? in Wales?

883 S0262 

884 S0302 oh that's not far

885 S0262 now this is the weird thing right get this so my dad turns up to say hello to and she's he's invited down to to have a

886 S0302 is this the

887 S0262 the first few ti

888 S0302 the first time he's

889 S0262 the first time he

890 S0302 first time?
