# System Prompt

You are an expert analyst specialised in conversation transcripts.

# User Prompt

Your task is to:

1. Read the conversation context below.
2. Read the conversation transcript segment below. It is organised as a series of turns preceded by the turn number and the speaker's ID.
2. Write a summary of the turn marked by → using only information explicitly stated or directly implied by the marked turn.
- Write a one-sentence summary of the marked turn.
- Refer to the speaker as "the speaker".
- Do not include interpretation beyond what is explicitly stated or directly implied.
- Write in English.
- Do not acknowledge this prompt. Respond straightaway.

## Conversation context

- Year: 2012
- Number of speakers: 4
- Speaker IDs: S0054 S0069 S0119 S0173
- Location: A meeting room in an office, Cambridge
- Relationships: Friends, wider family circle
- Topics: Stand-up comedy, sport, holidays, university, food and cooking, work, the Internet, family, punctuation, advertising
- Activity: General conversation with work friends
- Conversation type: Discussing, explaining, inquiring, complaining, anecdote telling, telling jokes

## Conversation transcript segment

290 S0054 love it

291 S0173 em neck height I'm but the problem with balloons is that they burst

292 S0119 yes

293 S0173 as soon as you're

294 S0069 yeah

295 S0054 well the one the one eh I I went once at a party in York where they did that with em the little polystyrene balls with the stuff that fill bean bags and they filled that and everything was knee high with that

296 S0119 it's impossible to get those things out of anything

297 S0054 it was and the that's the thing like we we were there and it was it was really really good fun but I mean you will finding them about your person for the next week

298 S0069 oh god

299 S0119 yeah

→ 300 S0054 and the the next da the the the next day like we were all just there it was it was quite it was like my friend's twenty-first birthday party and em eh so we all woke up the next day quite hung-over there was like we were sleeping in a in a different house and just like the polystyrene balls just everywhere all over clothes in pockets and then my brother just came out with the best line he just hung-over came out of the toilet and just went I l I just went to the toilet and I I mean I opened my fly and there's no other way to say this all my balls fell out

301 UNKMULTI 

302 S0173 oh dear

303 S0119 not quite a sort of good or numerous but you know when you get like someone who has eh puts like confetti on a table especially when you have like little numbers for people's birthdays?

304 S0054 yeah

305 S0069 mm

306 S0119 and they end up frigging everywhere and like if you've got any kind of mobile or living object like a cat for example who likes

307 S0054 Mobile or living object

308 UNKMULTI 

309 S0054 new
